but wait let me explain something to you
I am NOT mr. Lebowski I'm the dude you
know that or of his dude nasur Deuter or
you know el duderino if you're not into
the whole brevity thing are you implying
mr. Lebowski employed like sex mr.
Lebowski is this your only ID you got
the wrong guy I'm the dude your name's
Lebowski Lebowski Jeff Lebowski the
other drop-offs key the millionaire I
received this ransom notes this morning
his loser bummer man they want you to
take the money and knocked his courier
yeah
but dirty aunties did the white oak
stake that Hill
why should we settle for 20 grand when
we can keep the entire million only
mixed up in all this play it one side
against the other in bed with everybody
blow them huh fabulous stuff huh who's
sitting on a million dollars we want
some money
ah sitting in the trunk of our car
where's my damn money they do where is
your car who's got your undies Walter
this is a very complicated case mod
nobody ends loud outs is this here
homework Larry and I was like my undies
bear a lot of strands to keep in my head
man
Oh careful man in the beverage Eric I
like your style dude I have no choice
but to tell these buns to do whatever is
necessary to recover their money from
you they were Nazis dude
they were nihilus man they kept saying
they believed in nothing
you figured all give the losers you know
dead meat
well aren't Jeff well yeah you cannot
drag this negative energy into the
tournament
Jeffrey odd love me that's my room I'm
throwing rocks tonight go to Jesus
this could be a lot more complex I mean
it's not just it might not be just such
a simple uh you know